All right.
Let's continue working on our widget here.
Last we have to do is make a couple updates inside of an input to refer to the elements that we just
selected instead of some elements we just deleted actually.
So like for example right now as we loop over all of our different movies and create some divs we're
trying to append them to document query selector idea of target.
So that element doesn't exist anymore.
Remember we said that we want to take all these different elements that we create and put them inside
of that div right there.
So we just have to update a couple of different references.
That's all OK.
So to get started right before the for loop we're going to take a look at the dropdown element as we
just discussed in the last video to make sure that we open up the menu.
We have to add the is active class to that element right there.
So right above the for loop I'll say dropdown that class list that add we're going to add on the class
is Dash active we're going to do that right after we fetch all of our data successfully.
So we're gonna fetch all of our data open up the dropdown and then add in all of our movies to it to
then inside of our for loop as I just mentioned this element right here doesn't exist anymore.
Instead we want to apply or append all these different divs that we create to the results wrapper and
the results wrapper is that thing right there So on the query selector I'm going to delete the query
selector and I will replace it with results wrapper.
All right just one or two more changes if we go back over to the boma documentation you'll recall that
as we show each individual item inside the dropdown they're supposed to be anchoring elements with a
class of dropdown item right now as we loop through all of our different videos or our different movies
we are creating a div element so that's not quite correct.
We need to update that to be an anchor element instead so to do so I'm going to update the document
does create elements to make an anchor tag or a instead of div and then to be complete we should probably
update the div variable name since we're technically not creating a div anymore a name for this could
be like anchor because we are creating anchor element but that doesn't really convey the context of
the code we're writing here.
I personally kind of like the name option option might seem a little bit weird but the idea here is
that we are creating like a dropdown or in autocomplete and inside there we're going to show a lot of
different options of movies that a users can click to select one of these.
So I think the term option kind of makes sense in that context so I'm not going to go through it and
update div right there and right there as well to refer to the option variable since div doesn't exist
anymore we'll change that to option and on a pen child will change it to option as well okay.
Just one or two more quick changes inside of the option element.
We currently have the image which is definitely good but we have the movie text inside of an H1 which
might be just slightly too large.
So I'm going to take off the H1 the opening and the closing tag.
All right.
So there should be just one last little thing to do here right above the option element as we're just
looking at the ultimate documentation.
Remember I just said that we have to add in a class of dropdown item to get everything to styled nicely
the right above where we set enriched each team l.
I can also do an option class list not add dropdown dash item like so okay.
And that should be it.
It's going to save this and we should be ready to flip back over to our browser and test this out.
So I'm gonna go back over I'm gonna refresh and right away you're going to see that this looks a lot
better than how it looked before.
We've got the nicely bolded label and the input looks a lot better as well because we added in a class
of input to that thing it's now inside of here.
I'm going to do a search for Avengers and as soon as I do so I see this nice dropdown open and so I
can kind of hover over each of these.
I get the nice and a hover effect.
I got the nice finger right there all the styling that you're seeing here is coming from Boma so I know
that working with Bolt and having to understand this dropdown stuff was kind of probably annoying but
I think you can agree with me that this looks pretty awesome right here like this definitely looks really
good now as good as it looks there's definitely still some things we have to do to make our widget work
as expected.
In particular you might recall that we spoke about all the different ways in which our dropdown is going
to behave remember we had said stuff like Oh yeah.
If a user clicks outside the dropdown closed the menu.
Well right.
Now if I click outside the dropdown the thing stays open.
So definitely not appropriate.
In addition if I do another search so let's say that I look up Dark Knight I'm going to see as I scroll
down that all those results get appended to the very end of the list.
So we still have a little bit of work to do.
So let's take a quick pause right here and continue solving a couple of these little issues in the next
video.